# Sunday, April 18th 2021

Today is a new day; an opportunity; and definitely Sunday. I fell asleep so I woke up with a different attitude: we are actually taking an intentional break today. I'll catch up on whatever is currently in idle mode and spend the day sampling inspirations for how Git-Paid will grow the middle class both in the US and in





Thinking about growing Git-Paid and solidfying the foundations for the lab to have tools and services that can be useful and reusable for the next 60 days. While it may not make sense to be spending valuable time on things that others are probably better fit and capable to do, I think deliberately building from scratch & with quality allows me to hopefully, maybe by day 80 become a data, dev ops, & full-stack web engineer that can spend the next 20 days applying technical leverage to the problems that feel the most unsettling and therefore being strong motivators. While my ability to help build shared context is valuable, per my Product Managment experience, I think leaning in on my Growth & Sales expertise would allow me to supercharge & seed existing efforts and initatives with marketing efficiency & deep integrations with API's & data oracles that can increase top of the funnel traffic that will yield the highest outcome in "Activation" (https://discover.mixpanel.com/rs/461-OYV-624/images/Guidetoproductmetrics-Mixpanel.pdf)

So, while there are a LOT of ideas and bets that I would like to chase in the interest of Day 1 me and Day 100 us, I want to lean in and double-down on my existing strengths, confidence, & experience to help bring you & the initatives you care about to market, with high customer satisfaction, & shortest time to capturing yield. I owe my maturity & belonging to the developer community that allowed me to remain myself, independent, & authentic in leadership execution & organization. For the products, teams, & problems that mean something to me, I was able to grow into someone I couldnt imagine otherwwise being able to be on my own. 

We want to design Git-Paid to function for markets that start their day when we end ours. India (being just 12 hours ahead) would make an obvious case but I think there's already enough market strength in building economic bridges that can help extend the democratic diplomacy between global markets and ease political tensions where they can and unlock new opportunities to reduce the barrier of high/low context with earned trust & respect.
That beng the case, I thought Taiwan would make for a great pick since it also fits the criteria because 5 PM in Silicon Valley would be 9 AM in Taiwan. Given the importance of the semiconductor supply chain & expertise, I find it imperative to expose their crappiest secret: they create the lowest garbage out of any country in the world!!!!!